you
so God blessed Noah and his sons the
fruit
and multiply and fill the earth and the
fear of you and the dread of you shall
be on every beast of the earth on every
bird of the air on all that move on the
earth and on all the fish of the sea
they are given into your hand every
moving thing that lives shall be food
for you I have given you all things even
as the green herbs but you shall not eat
flesh with its life that is its blood
surely for your lifeblood I will demand
a reckoning from the hand of every beast
I will require it and from the hand of
man from the hand of every man's brother
I will require the life of man whoever
sheds man's blood by man his blood shall
be shed for in the image of God he made
man and as for you be fruitful and
multiply bring forth abundantly in the
earth and multiply in it and as for me
behold I establish my covenant with you
and with your descendants after you and
with every living creature that is with
you the birds the cattle and every beast
of the earth with you of all that go out
of the ark every beast of the earth thus
I establish my covenant with you never
again shall all flesh be cut off by the
waters of the flood never again shall
there be a flood to destroy the earth
this is the sign of the Covenant which I
make between me and you and every living
creature that is with you for perpetual
generations I set my rainbow in the
cloud and it shall be for the sign of
the Covenant between me and the earth it
shall be when I bring a cloud over the
earth that the rainbow shall be seen in
the cloud and I will remember my
covenant which is between me and you and
every living creature of all flesh the
waters shall never again become a flood
to destroy all flesh the rainbow shall
be in the cloud and I will look on it to
remember the everlasting covenant
between God and every living creature of
all flesh that is on the earth this is
the sign of the covenant which I have
established between me and all flesh
but is on the earth now the sons of Noah
who went out of the ark were shem ham
and Japheth and ham was the father of
canaan these three were the sons of noah
and from these the whole earth was
populated and Noah began to be a farmer
and he planted a vineyard then he drank
of the wine and was drunk
I became uncovered in his tent and ham
the father of Canaan saw the nakedness
of his father and told his two brothers
outside but Shem and Japheth took a
garment laid it on both their shoulders
and went backward and covered the
nakedness of their father their faces
were turned away and they did not see
their fathers nakedness so Noah awoke
from his wine and knew what his younger
son had done to him then he said Kersh
it betray Lana a servant of servants she
shall be to his brethren blessed be the
Lord the God of Shem and may Canaan be
his servant the god enlarge Japheth and
may he dwell in the tents of Shem and
mackanin be his servant
and Noah lived after the flood three
hundred and fifty years so all the days
of Noah were nine hundred and fifty
years and he died
[Music]
you